 according to the census and statistics department, the number of british people who have property had to be taxed by the united kingdom, and the 477 people in taiwan.
 the provisions of the convention into the convention or translated into national legislation is not relevant to the implementation of the provisions of article 4.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, the performance of economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993 was not good.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and pointed out that the candidates should be included in the recruitment of candidates after completing the consultation exercise.
 the 1 step in phase ii methodology requires that the level of grades would be a basis for remuneration.
 in accordance with the gradual development of china's tourism market, the price price of these zones may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate in the shopping market and market stalls have been most heightened.
 the situation of peace-keeping is the most difficult projection, as forecasts that the assumptions are expected to occur at any time in the year.
 consideration must be given to the intention of the country, rather than the form of instrument.
 a spokesman for the israeli occupying forces said that the occupying forces had to stay for long periods.
 in some of us, some of us believe that this action could not be used as a matter of open and transparent consultations.
 this is very useful for member states to understand the complexity of the problem dealt with by member states.
 the namibian family association was established in january 1996 and has become a major non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 states parties are most critical to the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it exercises its power of international treaties, therefore, legality and fact that it is a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the size of the future space activity is expected to be expanded.
 therefore, it is necessary to conduct an investigation and to try to make the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who violate the law understand that the international community is the council's decision to decide and actions.
 parents are not allowed to do their own responsibilities to the schools and teachers.
 " we are pleased to see the fruits of " one country, two systems " in hong kong.
 on the list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia, who will speak on behalf of the group of 21, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos scheme must be avoided with private property market and maintain the sales of the sales.
 we explore the need for the strengthening of the united nations to conduct a thorough analysis of the relevant countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term chief executive shall be elected by a 800 person.
 a person must pay at least appropriate attention to prevent the installation of such installations.
 it has also established a network of international e-commerce networks in october 1998.
 in 1996, the growth rate of gdp growth in 1996 was revised by 4.9% to 5.0%.
 after the first visit to visit china's visit to visit china, the woman and loved will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile, on 8 june 1996, was the strongest protest that the government of the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 as stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military volunteers is not compensable in principle.
 such appointments should be made by the president of the general assembly with the chairman of the group of regional groups.
 the long-standing problems of the two countries, as well as the government of the republic of belarus, have not been able to contribute to the organization to the organization.
 member of the panel member of the panel on legal patents for the period of transitional products between india and the united states.
 the warmth of the warmth's family's family, who is different from the university of su lai university, was the same as the chinese culture.
 however, the committee pointed out that the service of the state was not uncommon.
 in article 54 of the constitution, article 54 of the constitution refers to the establishment of the necessary institutions and services in this regard.
 a spokesman for the treasury, a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) said it would be necessary to use the internet to register on the internet.
 mr tsang expressed their gratitude to the construction of the marine department's bases base, and other relevant parties expressed their gratitude.
 okay, let's take a look at other news.
 at the same time, some of the solutions on these groups need to have a certain degree of preconditions.
 at about 10.30 pm, no tropical cyclone warned about 10.30 pm, with a gradual return to the market in hong kong.
 this regrettable part is incompatible with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities would like to solve these problems.
 the official languages of the conference include english, russian, french, spanish and spanish this year.
 in transactions with local transactions, accounting for 16 per cent and 10 per cent of shares with local financial institutions and local non-financies were carried out.
 " in the long run, we are planning to construct more multi-storeys for a number of beds of beds.
 it is important to find ways to be productive, and that relationships with multilateral cooperation is feasible to multilateral cooperation.
 the culprit later arrested and sentenced to theft of theft.
 concern is expressed about the concern for the humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has already filed an appeal against the ruling of the verdict, so that he was ordered to leave to france.
 the slowdown in the economic slowdown and the maintenance of social stability have adverse effects on the promotion of social stability and thus bring us to us.
 one week is one, seven days.
 we have entered into the world, through the united nations through the united nations, and together with north-south relations.
 3, special emphasis is placed on local, enterprises and public participation in the implementation of sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations could play a key role in order to facilitate the development efforts of developing countries in developing countries.
 " i don't understand him, " he said. "
 (15) in the words and thinking of thinking.
 there were 2 months since the terrorist attacks took place on 11 september.
 the government of china's ministry of agriculture said that china's control measures have been very effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of the united nations peace-keeping forces in the united nations peacekeeping force will be able to prevent the possibility of prevention of violence.
 but at this critical juncture, the object of the terrorist coalition must clearly recognize and acknowledge the enemy.
 i would like to express my hope that the executive authorities can conduct a dialogue with different voices.
 a spokesman for the african group, speaking on behalf of the african group, praised unifem's efforts to react to the response recommended by unifem.
 the chinese government intends to make final plans in early next year, and 13 coal bases were established throughout the country.
 in a hundred-year-old keel river river, this is the end of a hundred-year-old kuo river.
 as part of the day-to-day work of the day, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card credit card.
 the arab language is the 2 largest official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the head of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the contents are enriched by the contents of the public interest in the social and economic spheres of public interest.
 the vast majority of member states have demonstrated their tendency to increase the security council permanent and very permanent membership.
 customers may be eligible for the next six months after the special stamps will be nominated for sale.
 the secretary for education and other bureau, deputy secretary for education and manpower, mr deputy president, is also the secretary for education and other education department.
 in 1979, hong kong was founded in the social and cultural foundations of the foundation.
 it is not easy to determine the impact of voters and electoral activities that may be affected by the judges.
 the south pacific states members of the south pacific states to announce its intention to resume the nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the graduation age is 15 years old.
 the service fee is $ 20 each. "
 the bulldoz bulldo has a lot of homes, and there are still residents in many cases.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials, and the public.
 in fact, i go to belgium that the relevant people in the european parliament are to contact the european parliament.
 at present, rapid changes in the right to self-determination, national security and the maintenance of national security, as well as peace.
 such a means is conducive to identifying real responsibilities to identify real responsibilities in space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the chairman of the joint chairman of the joint chairman of the joint presidency.
 the committee affirms the need for the nation-building process, consolidation of the rule of law, democracy and civilization.
 the conference urged the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such a body.
 palestinian shops and residences have been damaged and the israeli army came to the end.
 the structure of the language has become more tightened and simple, and even more even more.
 this sustained high prices, not only the pains of the ordinary people, but also caused high priority to the government's government and experts.
 if he does not speak, he would need to take a halt, and we should take a look at the heart.
 we have no doubt about the valuable views of those scholars who have professional knowledge in politics.
 as the saying goes, " there is a little wrong ".
 the vast majority of the national party's top victory is expected to accelerate the democratic party of the new millennium.
 during the days of the day, the lights of the creatures, such as darkness, the lights of the sky.
 the mainland has opened up to taiwan's tourism and local industry.
 the most common aspect of the functional jurisdictions are navigating and through the territorial sea, the exclusive economic zone in the area area.
 members of the public are reminded to make a report to the police. if there is doubt, please call the report to police.
 the director-general of margaret chan was officially elected the director-general of the world health organization on november 9 and became the first chinese people in the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of this report.
 in the absence of the international court of justice, the law on extradition is provided in accordance with the international court of justice.
 the universal declaration of human rights in the united nations adopted a new era of relations between states and the united nations general assembly on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the universal protection of human rights, in particular, to protect women's human rights.
 er, on the part of the world, there was no white box.
 the principle of non-discrimination is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the goal of a history of history, and the process was beginning to start in a multi-ethnic political difficulties.
 since the web of the government's web site, 6000 visitors from april to november have increased significantly to 60000 in november.
 there were no such circumstances in the previous case or the present case.
 states parties may wish to address the category in the near future.
 the results of the work of the nuclear audit committee must depend on the modalities and modalities of its members and the commission.
 the letter of authorized registration must be signed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed by september 2002 in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we are seeking " quality ", and we believe that " quantity " is not important.
 the country's general belief that the international community has no action to end the conflict.
 one of the users is to assess the damage caused by floods and damage to crops and infrastructure.
 as a result, the government is also required to promote the co-operation between the two exchanges and clearing coalitions in hong kong.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office was required to assist the three ministers in september and october, with confidence-building measures in september and october.
 the death and the maximum limits of the murder, the explosions and the maximum limits of a crime, the minimum and maximum limits of the offence.
 initial enquiries revealed that bullets were carried out by bullets.
 at the time of the waiting time for analysts, the applicants can be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of aids.
 as an example.
 this would be possible to ensure peace and and good faith and jointly promote the development of different ethnic groups of the world.
 on food prices, i do not know what china's weather changes to china.
 this will also enhance the ability to produce local production in hong kong, " the spokesman added.
 i would like to understand that all the members of the public will be understandable.
 in the case of good health, the symptoms of symptoms are mainly smaller than a minor.
 in cooperation with the relevant agencies of the united nations, the coordination of related issues is also appropriate.
 in the face of the market in the face of the market, parents can be much better to choose a visit to the personal situation.
 if the more double figures, it is certainly very serious.
 it is not possible to receive vietnamese and lao people who are not able to receive voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system in 1999.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing has been maintained before the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that there is a travel and free movement of hong kong residents.
 they also view that this might form a precedent which led to a notice that all types of vessels may be issued before all types of vessels.
 right.
 as the government has been aware of the problem, the government will never give legal advice to the law.
 by the end of august 1997, 34 chinese state-owned enterprises have been listed in hong kong.
 so far the air and land assets of monuc have transported more than 30 tons of aid to goma.
 the board expresses its appreciation for the challenges of globalization and new technologies to the 21 century in the 21 century.
 the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between men and women.
 on the other hand, it was impossible for us to proceed with egypt, prior to the opening of the borders of 1994.
 madam president, in the procession of a small group of people, it is not always a small one.
 the delay in which the delay would affect about the credibility of about.
 6. recently, the private sector and the foundation for cooperation between the private sector and the foundation for the global level increased significantly.
 there are no other views. "
 i am very excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of which is to be returned to the population.
 as time is limited, i have not been able to make all the services available.
 in recent years, the recent developments in the united kingdom will not help to solve the problem in hong kong.
 the model consists of the development of a model of evadeological models and spected models and laments.
 9 of this growth was the result of changes in currency exchange rates.
 typical illicit arms transactions are carried out by the administrative facilities of the import and export of arms.
 switzerland does not tolerate the financial system of the swiss financial system in the future.
 most of the job vacancies are required to apply for graduates from 8000 to $ 6000.
 the value of the project completed by the main contractor in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the functions of the commission, please see the " financial and capital markets commission ".
 in the near future, it is hoped that the croatian national television stations are broadcast in the near future.
 the civil society in the commonwealth of commonwealth is a great complement and support.
 the chinese delegation expressed the view that international nuclear disarmament efforts are now on the threshold of the world's international nuclear disarmament efforts.
 since mr leung has more time, i have been able to make it more good, so i support it.
 the observer for the indian, africa and the american association of americas believe that the non-friminish population should be recognized as a minority of argentina.
 " we plan to conduct a survey of employers in the next three years.
 we do not know the chinese version of the chinese government, and it is very likely that hong kong's officials have imagined some excuses.
 the college was held in new york in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 the model law has, however, established the criteria for the establishment of these parties (e.e., the signer, relying on both sides and certification services).
 as a result, the rate of capacity in the capacity of the national programme is expected to be low.
 the commission will consider specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " the sar warmly supported the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, only a telephone number of 5300 people in africa in africa, for example, is a telephone.
 the media must respect the dignity and integrity of the personnel and institutions.
 on several occasions, the israeli authorities have also closed a number of days of closures between the gaza strip and egypt.
 as the result of unloading will be accelerated, the cost of transport has decreased, and all sectors will benefit all sectors.
 it's all right.
 6. 2. 2. the 2. 2 is the development of talents to come to hong kong.
 she would like to do so, such as listening to radio, television, sports, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing and
 to talk about the children's growth in taiwan, it is very difficult to see the impact on them.
 the cost of freight cost is based on a higher value of the amount of compensation.
 as a matter of fact, the secretary for housing invited me to talk about what is not related to the reconstruction zone.
 the board has entrusted a consultant to provide an independent expert opinion to encourage consultants to work in open and transparent manner.
 i did not see that this report is often heard.
 (a) they are interested in the application application for the use of the cyberport standard application for the cyberport.
 in the film of movies, chang hsiao-hsien's story is a " ch'ander ".
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health, the director of health, has said that about four years later.
 it is difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of the existing staff, of which 1<unk>3 of them.
 the court believes that the buyer did not fulfil the obligations of the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region shall be linked to the commission on human rights in the arab league.
 159 of the current session of the draft sponsors of the draft resolution will create a record: this will be a real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has recently promised to make a report on the status of hong kong financial centres in this year.
 the conference held that the mandate of elections is the privileges of the general assembly, rather than the privileges of the security council.
 the visitors may also be able to look back to the people of modern civilization.
 we have a long goal, and the hong kong development of hong kong is a major city in asia.
 at the meeting, the director of social welfare department, director of social welfare, director of social welfare department and the fund management committee to distribute all senior citizens to the elderly.
 mrs selina chow proposes to strengthen the use of " the juvenile police officer ".
 in overseas markets, there was a breakthrough.
 as for the honourable lee cheuk-yan's amendment, i would like to point out that his argument is in fact misinable.
 in shanghai, shanghai rong international trade, import and export companies, zhejiang province shouting high import and export companies in zhejiang province.
 the hong kong shipping company corporation (swc) has been able to comply with the mainland's shipment industry.
 help sierra leonean government and the government of sierra leone became a priority for the united states after the civil war in eight years.
 it is also said that history is just a repeat.
 the national development framework of the transitional government shows the role of the state in the economic and social development framework.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the enlargement of the terms of reference of the employment bureau to cover all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo and that international support would be invalid.
 but industrialization partners still need to do many work, reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica noted that the delegation had been very active since the members of the commission had been very active.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions of the entire world as a whole.
 <unk> b <unk> b <unk> b. b. b. b. b. b. <unk> b. .............................................
 the dancers were able to perform the gods of flowers, and then put to the audience.
 the situation of the united nations is the most worrying.
 as a result, there was an urgent need for medical treatment, and said that the child has been infected with children.
 the questionnaire has been delivered to all programme and donor governments, national groups and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the introduction of the clies, the artists will be able to bring them to the world.
 the aim is to make a 3-party pressure on a 3-party pressure, for peace-building, so that ethiopia ceases to war.
 no. 3 alarm fire was held at a no. 3 alarm fire in tai po, tai po, today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill into the legislative council in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the communities of the community should not allow them to leave them and should be encouraged in the future.
 let us not forget that these are public funds.
 on the contrary, the university places in local universities will increase in the coming year.
 i have recently attended the participation of the residents in the district.
 a copy of these written statements shall be sent to the prosecutor or the person to submit these written statements.
 qin chin-kuen said james soong will arrive at the 1 stop on may 5, and will visit hu jintao in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee also notes the information provided during the consideration of the report and subsequent additional information.
 a major train explosion occurred on the north of the north sha tin county station, north of korea.
 the activities of the activities of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists, as well as representatives of journalists.
 let's take advantage of the attitudes and speech of the people of hong kong.
 however, international trafficking in international trafficking also involves other areas, including clothing, agriculture and construction.
 i do not have any exceptions, but i often hear religions.
 therefore, before the sar government was established, only the chinese government will only be eligible to represent the sar government.
 we must assess the impact of the elections to the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you for the comments of mr. qiu zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have some set up some of its provisions, in particular on the provision of mine-clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 per cent per year.
 the unemployment rate has been reduced to 1.30000 people, and the first time for the first time in the four years to 200000.
 in the year 2004, the united states and export bank provides funding for us$ 188800000000 in the united states to the world market.
 two informal ministerial meeting will be held on thursday, 5 june and 6 june 6 and 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility to take legal action on the issue of the pollution of old sites on the other site.
 a 36 posts were proposed for the operation of 36 posts, which was paid by the support account for the support account.
 in taiwan, he raised the " 3 path " of chen shui-bian's main reference for chen shui-bian.
 right, we have a chart of the two-way swords, and we have a chart, um.
 in addition, the transport department has increased its daily raids on the spots on the spots and a daily increase of 8 to 12.
 political and religious freedom, not only in the constitution, was also written in the constitution but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the councils attention to the situation of external debt in the central african republic.
 as a result, the meeting was on the scene at 0.9:30 p.m. in the united states congress of the united states congress.
 the record records shall be reserved for 3 years after the end of the division.
 china has a reduction of 2300000000 people.
 a large number of bangkok people are being prepared in the world's centre in bangkok.
 we fully support the similar statement made by the representatives of the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis will be available for taxis and loaded car parks in the urban area.
 the united nations conventional transfer of conventional weapons is a transparent measure between the legitimate arms transfer between sovereign states.
 according to the latest figures, some local employers have continued to streamline the manpower because of economic growth and business prospects.
 it requires the consensus of society, " the spokesman added.
 this penalty applies only to those who are not the czech republic, and there is no access to refugee status.
 when i went to my children, i 've got a very serious matter.
 the international seminar also participated in the international seminar.
 research on gender disparities and inequality, which affects gender differences and inequality, is not fully enough.
 according to the conservative estimate of the biobim engineering centre and the environmental protection bureau, these technology applications can be able to reach a few billion us dollars.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (lab) for a period of two years commencing january next year.
 the 3 category is particularly concerned about the elderly.
 " the financial surplus of the east asian region has continued to make good use of fiscal surplus. "
 swd has been able to contact the family of chen autumn.
 the cost of accommodation for the burden of accommodation is a maximum of 80 per cent.
 these developments have further exacerbated the strategy of the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor camps.
 the resources have been exhausted, and the resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign forces, whether they were invited to be invited, should be withdrawn from the democratic republic of the congo.
 the proposals for improving the recruitment, remuneration, training and management of police also applies equally to the staff of the prison.
 " the inspection is also found to be able to meet traffic, utility facilities and other facilities, " the spokesman added.
 now, after almost 30 years after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or be reflected in some international conventions.
 the buildings department has a high office and the floor of the building.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 in hong kong, hong kong will always be a piece of sunshine.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries has been the main task of economic development.
 we therefore emphasize, first and foremost, the obligations of the nuclear powers to the end of the ctbt by the end of 1996.
 in contrast, the united states's largest internet service has only maintained the ratio of every 20 user users.
 since the opening up of the reform, small and medium-sized enterprises in the country have made a significant contribution to achieving the strategic objectives of the community.
 in my country's warm warm warm and a long period of time, we will be able to reach five or 60 degrees.
 i hope that in the course of the meeting today's meeting, the secretary-general will be able to look at the general assembly hall.
 <unk> no provision will be allowed to give up the guardian's right to abandon his guardian.
 for example, the measures agreed by the conference include the implementation of a uniform document for nationals in the region.
 as a matter of fact, it is hard to say that there is a real friend.
 mr howard young: madam president, the problem of unemployment, employment, employment and changing industries have already affected hong kong's time.
 " even if they enter the taiwan straits, they should not give up to " live ".
 otherwise, the draft articles will lose its most practical role.
 as a result, the average inflation rate in the last year has increased dramatically.
 in hong kong, it is no longer necessary for us to allow hong kong's veterinary school graduates to use drugs and antibiotics.
 the current age of the greek cypriots is 66.
 the previous weekend also raised the same projection in the same weekend.
 the project can also allow greater public awareness of cultural diversity and to maintain such diversity as well as that diversity.
 in view of the large number of applications, the government is studying whether there is a need to increase the quota of loans.
 the seizure of the assets under the criminal code of criminal procedure was carried out on the basis of the code of criminal procedure.
 it is therefore only the only way for the students to go back to death.
 the patients with basic medical supplies are provided to the provision of basic medical supplies for the treatment of health care facilities in unrwa.
 the land reform scheme is not merely re-establishing land.
 in the context of this theme, the conference tried to remind people that every 20 minutes have been killed or maimed by anti-personnel landmines.
 later, in the vicinity of the neighbouring season, some crafts can buy their purchases.
 motorists are advised to comply with traffic instructions and follow-up officers at the scene.
 it was surprising that some were surprised, since the legal adviser had been dismissed by their competent legal counsel, which had been reconstructed by their competent legal adviser.
 with the assistance of the ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of increasing the possibility of increasing the current social security system or individual scope.
 the amputation of amputation is the ability to leave their activities, their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and several developing countries declined at the same time.
 after implementation of the scheme, a number of colleagues expected that many colleagues will work on lifelong learning.
 he was reportedly beaten with him after his father's written complaint, and the officials of the interior were said to have to visit him.
 other members of the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only local level of employment opportunities for low-income jobs is the low-level service sector.
 the project indicates that small enterprises currently financed the previous policy experience and performance of credit subsidies.
 just now the honourable mrs miriam just just mentioned that the " youth charter " is " youth charter ".
 a three-year-old man was suspected to be charged with conspiracy to deception.
 they should be open on the basis of the state of state, finance, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 at the level of international moral and international law, it is impossible to support the us-british war against iraq.
 the real development concept should contain full respect for all universal universal universal beliefs.
 the state practice shows that the length of the option of choice is very large.
 the islamic state of afghanistan is fervently hope that the security council followed its consideration of the previous agenda, which also re-examined the consideration of the measures.
 the countries realized a large number of reduces living in poverty living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis had led to a setback.
 as a result, the countries of a number of funds are not available.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the field of security and economic areas.
 the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration of the situation in the republic of croatia and the surrounding situation.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department have been closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to that end, it should be committed to achieving the goal of achieving the goal of each generations.
 the company found that the development, manufacture and sales of persons, as well as many of the world's famous consumer goods.
 the veterinary of the veterinary of the veterinary of the veterinary was then sent to the scene.
 the secretariat analyses a large number of missions from the mission's survey data, verifying self-sustainment rates.
 if the flooding problem in the northwest new territories must be implemented, we must implement the shenzhen river project.
 there is no legal and ethical nordicity of capitalism, which are often causing criminality and corruption.
 when he entered the 1 performance of the emperor's pope, chen ching-hsien, who was working on the wall.
 the one-way north-way navigation can be shortened from one hour to about 40 minutes.
 the report on the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the palestinian economy has been deferred in a comprehensive manner.
 <unk> not to bring a large amount of cash or expensive property.
 at least 17 people were killed and 38 individuals were burned.
 the working group was addressed by the working group with international human rights services, with a minority rights group, which was addressed in 1997.
 28 immigration officers of the immigration department conducted 7 target units in sham shui po.
 therefore, the contracting authority would prefer to consider the control measures that may need to be changed.
 the developed and developing countries, as well as economic growth in economic growth, is essential to trade and foreign exchange earnings, particularly in developing countries.
 according to the same source, more than 800 persons were allegedly killed by armed elements with the police.
 in accordance with article 22 of the law, a person who commits terrorist acts, in accordance with the existing legislation, will have a legal responsibility.
 mr president, the problem of fogin valley's garbage is expected to be resolved after next year.
 in the 1990s, more than 200 million children were killed in armed conflict, which had left permanent disability or serious injuries.
 this is also a great help, " the spokesman said.
 basically, this is a tangible commitment to the development of the government in the north-west.
 the department will give a warning letters to the department's satisfaction and the department will have a warning letters to the department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we have once again been one of the most competitive economies of the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a contract value of $ 680000000 for the construction of the construction company, which was completed later this month.
 i have read hong kong legislation in hong kong to refer to the basic law.
 three in the field of non-traditional safety in non-traditional security.
 in june this year, between june and august this year, most of the major sectors of the major industry are unemployed and underemployed.
 this is not easy, but if there is a quota system, there will be more people with disabilities.
 in addition, australia is active in the drafting of negotiations on the draft international convention on the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the " factories and industrial operation (the ") regulations, will effectively implement the protection scheme.
 the letter will not be able to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-general contains the right framework for the future in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the absolute number of people in the poor and the relatively small number is increasing.
 we look forward to continuing cooperation in this regard, " the spokesman added.
 the state party considers that the same reason should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of the darfur conflict is a dispute between herds and crops in the area of farming.
 the amendment has also been reserved land for the future development of the fire services bureau and open space facilities.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 the details of the study will also provide grants for the upgrading of language proficiency.
 in the light of the muss, chen sits sitting on the sensor's winds and from time to time.
 as a matter of fact, the proposals for the draft garrison act and the current practice of the garrison are almost less.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of the resources centre for the establishment of the resources centre is not encouraging litigation.
 the joint meeting of the joint meeting of the joint conference to the joint conference would be very useful and will take follow-up actions.
 in addition, we will be prepared to prepare for the review of the district councils after the 2003 elections.
 the vehicles imported from the secretariat located on 1 avenue will be restricted to a special labelling of the permanent representative of the permanent representative.
 faced with the village pressures, the villagers have not been able to see a green tree.
 the institute for reform of the land reform institute was established as a result of the land transfer scheme, which was established as a result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided by the advisory committee, the advisory committee does not oppose these posts.
 anyone who is the girl's relatives or relatives of the girl are urged to contact the police station at 2398 63.
 in 1997, the institute was designated for formal issuance of institutions to improve quality and improve productivity programmes.
 this morning, we would like to focus on two three questions in his speech.
 to this end, attaching importance to education, greater input into education is the necessary means and means to promote social development.
 ruf is not the army, and it also affirms that it is also a command of the commander of the army.
 the field control system aims at a wide range of audits to the united nations.
 but it cannot be possible.
 in order to protect the environment, these substances have to be unacceptible, non-democratic, non-democratic, non-democratical, unfree gas and non-discriminal reaction.
 the offence of treason is in the common law system in the 14 century.
 worse worse, the threat of the threat of nuclear weapons as a result of nuclear weapons appears to be rooted in many.
 in the village, the village is all scared away.
 the armed conflict in darland region began in february last year.
 the rights of non-discrimination is an international protection of human rights, and, in particular, to respect the multi-cultural system.
 the procedure of the procedure was confidential, in accordance with the relevant rules, any documents or addresses of any document or address.
 however, as the economy gradually recovers, it is believed that the hong kong ranks will pick up in hong kong.
 the choice is to be the choice of whether the sale contract is chosen.
 efforts will continue to be made, but in the long term, this will be a challenge.
 they tend to relocate.
 at that time, chris patten's governor is busy to prepare for the conservative party.
 asianet daily summary-press releases of friday, november 16, 2001.
 however, it may be disappointed that only one defendant had so far been sent to the court.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure that the latter is guaranteed.
 the loss of life, especially those of children, is always sadden, and that sadness beyond the national and religious boundaries.
 a total of $ 50000 was seized in the operation.
 in recent years, the world economy has changed rapidly.
 the guidelines have been published in the department's homepage and has also been distributed to all management companies and owners.
 they were to say a multi-american level of technology, scientific and theoretical levels of science.
 while member states are requested to strengthen the field representative, the progress has been hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at 3 p.m. time at the time of the time, a car bomb was located near the centre of mahai nii, a car bomb.
 the security guards of senior officials attending the session, as well as individuals, will receive special permits to the united nations security and security service.
 information received from the latest maps and the new information received from the image of the new information have been prompted rapidly to rescue agencies.
 the scheme provides for 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children.
 however, demining activities have been carried out in the united nations peacekeeping forces peacekeeping forces and the united nations.
 the royal government of cambodia has provided legal protection for the hiv <unk> aids of cambodian cambodia, and protect the human rights of these persons.
 again, once again, once again, once again, the housing department may not be able to check again.
 the drop-out rate of drop-out at secondary school is still higher than that of boys and universities in secondary and university.
 anti-mission and the bian-and-old man, two sides of the two parties, have not occurred, and the outbreak of conflict has been spread.
 there is no difficulty in the establishment and access of such private schools.
 it's not surprising that she has changed her.
 the department's warning letter will be received from the department's warning.
 the united states is in the hands of the united states.
 president of the environmental capital cooperation agency, the president of the world bank.
 if the senior official deals with interest in investment, it is not possible to do business.
 consideration should also be given to changes in the international system in the past 10 years, particularly globalization and new technologies.
 some of them cannot be said.
 it has been proposed to abolish the cuban quotas for cuba in the united states market.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to open an open recruitment exercise.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the next day was to be reported to the gendarmerie.
 mr. li's accession to the hong kong special administrative region trademark legislation.
 the more, of course, the more of our 1 legislative council will vote.
 a place of a distance of 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles can be carried out within 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough, he will be able to rest in a rest.
 such an approach is clearly the administration of administration.
 this was an attack on the turkish cypriot community in december 1963.
 his delegation proposed that, apart from the addition, the delegation should also include models.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities to understand details of the relevant cases, " the spokesman added.
 the chinese delegation expressed his appreciation to the mission's appreciation for the work of the subject.
 no one had to go to him.
 as for the elimination of the status of the marriage of the marriage, she asked that there was no question of identifying the root causes of the family.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than a year ago.
 the government announced today (april 20) the appointment of the advisory committee on innovation and technology advisers to members of the commission on innovation and technology.
 he will have major reforms to the securities and futures markets and to enhance the supervision of the banking sector.
 thus, the importance of improving and obtainable information has led to the participation of non-governmental organizations and other important groups to participate in all levels of activities.
 the delegation said that the majority of the majority were carried out by external forces, not to control groups and individuals.
 " the achievement of this achievement has been undependent and hard, " the spokesman said.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living and improvement of the child's standard of living and improve services, parents are required to pay certain costs.
 however, further efforts need to be made so that further efforts have been made so that the state authorities have caused attention to the state authorities.
 those who cannot be allowed to support these criminal acts cannot be allowed to support those responsible for other ways.
 last july this year, a security guard was seen to see a security guard by a security guard with a security guard.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketers can only take care of the actual contact or contact.
 article 54 of the constitution states that expatriates in the republic of the republic shall enjoy the same protection with the law of haiti.
 the member states of the european union have been unanimously consistent with the instructions of 6 june 2000.
 the pfp has an anger in a press conference, immediately in a press conference, paint to a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of " restricting anti-ballistic missile systems ".
 the performance of the developed countries in the region is still dominated by japan's economy.
 others, such as their own people, is not used, and it is unrealistic.
 there will also be a stagnation of stracks to be sold as a result of the hypothetics.
 in the middle east of taiwan's water production experiments, the fisheries industry agreed that there will be a breakthrough in the future.
 despite the condemnation of the international community, the security council adopted numerous resolutions, multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic societies.
 in accordance with the sfc's supervision approach, the hkma will implement the regulatory approach and standards of the sfc.
 the return of the star of the star is the first time for the first time.
 we want to see the true universality of peace in the university of peace and to take a truly global mission.
 population estimates are an important parameters for projection and projections, with regard to private and commercial institutions and research.
 earlier years ago, he was invited to join the chinese school lunar new year evening.
 the united states government acknowledges that diplomatic immunity should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the decision is payable on the basis of the pre-trial chamber, which shall be paid by the mandatory rule.
 during the competition, students have to cope with accidents, such as electric powers, blackbuss, blackbuss, blackbuss, and equipment.
 we are currently considering the views of the industry and the implementation of recommendations.
 the staff of the board also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill does not have a special reference to the use of the company's concealment to a person or a company.
 it is also strange to say that chinese people will avoid the name of the names, but it is so big.
 the department of health has provided health education to the families of the disease and disinfection in his residence.
 i now turn to the question of post-conflict peace-building in view of the current situation of post-conflict peace-building.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to ask the special rapporteur's recommendations to the special rapporteur.
 at the time of taking the necessary action, we refuse to stay over a single side.
 we are watching the process of addressing the question of palestine palestine in the middle east.
 if members of the council agree that, i do so.
 these include a threat to the concept of sovereignty, including the weakening of the concept of sovereignty, which has been the driving force.
 the maintenance of the world peace and peace cannot be left out of the international community.
 a number of locations in the state of the state of lima has been extended on 15 december.
 a few days after the taliban occupation of mazar-e-sharif, the authorities began to transfer prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missile gives them very suitable threats to threats, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 the government has been the government's policy to adopt an open standard of software products as the application system for applications.
 in addition, 106 private care centres have also been maintained at 106 private care centres.
 upon that incident, both sides have taken military action in military action, but there was no significant change in the front line.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a wide range of new interesting games, test-ups and crafts.
 but there are some immediate dangers to some of them, and the departments concerned will take immediate action.
 the commission could be able to take new images with a new image and the most recent descriptions of the commission's database (15000).
 the estimate consists of 10 per cent vacancy rates for local hiring staff.
 the use of natural gas from coal to natural gas will reduce the emissions of sulphur, nitrogen and carbon dioxide.
 the works will start early next year and is expected to be completed by early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large establishments in the manufacturing sector refers to more than 100 or more persons in other sectors.
 under chapter 23, chapter of the sweden penal code, the penalties for the preparation of an offence is applied to the maximum limits applicable to the crime.
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282 of the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang hassan ii (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the kingsan king of morocco on the death of the king of morocco.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandan action mission in rwanda and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 among them, 60 were implemented by non-governmental organizations and the remaining 19 were organised by swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to two spanish special concerns.
 it would be a matter of course that the automobiles of the car.
 2, the capacity of small and medium-sized enterprises (the <unk> amp<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>) is inadequate.
 8 days after the day, the u.s. and us$ 2.
 more than 2000 baatlands will be displayed at the opening room of the hong kong park in hong kong.
 the survey will provide a reliable and reliable level of poverty, particularly the level of poverty.
 one of the hot spots of the player is the new game which has been launched this year.
 in 1993, hong kong's death penalty for the abolition of the death penalty should be a major trend in the world.
 it is also known that the dyses were also effective for vomiting, and so as to the disease.
 <unk> 15 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 in particular, he suggested that the legislation was amended in 1999 to give more investigations into the right to investigate and the independence of competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china and south korea was held in beijing.
 he will give a keynote speech at the luncheon meeting of the hong kong trade development council and the association of france.
 it would be possible for the international community to cooperate together with the interests of each other.
 the ministry of finance was transmitted by the ministry of finance on 19 january 2001.
 he said: " the government's primary objective is to stabilize the property market and the property prices will not be big big. "
 the honourable lau ping-cheung also seems to say that if the application is to be made, it would be possible to inform the <unk>
 the sponsor delegation said that the proposal of the proposal may be found in article 10 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, the country must begin to collect data on its storage and production record.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are the data from undp from various agencies.
 i remember that some people have a lot of people who have the interests of the interests of the interests.
 i believe that many people will not agree with this view, but it would be in principle against the opening up of the tax departure tax.
 in accordance with the contract, the issue of transport <unk> transport issues must be agreed upon by all those in the region.
 the angolan armed forces also captured the south-eastern part of the south-eastern state, and continues to be in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decided to extend the scheme, we intend to continue to provide assistance to the industrial shortage of labour shortages.
 they used a german-bot train model, and the speed is fast, and the price price is $ 8000000000.
 in 2001, the court had received the assassination of the government of the people's republic of china.
 such work sub-offices are still under consideration and approval by the division and the need for specific circumstances.
 police will take special traffic arrangements on hong kong island in order to hold the public chest.
 the private university has also given relief fees for tuition fees from the students.
 the improvement of our relationship with egypt and the resumption of multilateral negotiations is indispensable to further achieving the common objective of our region.
 his strong strength is strong and full, and he would never be able to go to his heart.
 some of the police officers are asked to make a copy.
 the results indicated that those who do not have to be sold by a german company through a german company.
 it welcomed the ratification of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons (npt).
 israel has also continued to keep the tunnel under the west wall of the al-qaq al-qaq al-sharif.
 in fact, after the spring festival this year's spring festival this year, the tourism council has not received a number of complaints about passengers.
 " i believe that you will become an important asset in hong kong, " the spokesman said.
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has been adjusted to reflect the latter.
 therefore, if we are concerned about the rights of the demonstration, it can be said that it would be in this respect.
 the private car immediately fled the scene on the scene to escape the scene.
 although there is evidence, they are still being defended today.
 governments have taken various approaches to control these monopolies.
 it must be pointed out, however, that there is neither a direct comparison of the performance of the various institutions in the research areas. "
 i am confident that this will not only affect the future.
 political infections in the environment have been staggerating the wind, and even the reference to development assistance is referred to in the provision of development.
 " our immunization system is like the army, as it is like the army.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this resulted in the decline in groundwater in the gaza strip and led to salt water from sea to east.
 i believe that this week, i believe that this week of this week has shown us a commitment to the resolve of this international health terror.
 i also express my gratitude to the secretary-general and appreciation for the report of the secretary-general and thanked him for his report today.
 we need to perform this international responsibility. "
 argentina, for its part, has passed through several decades after several decades of political instability.
 in the west of the west, the western gate of the west gave her many legends.
 it is well known that he is well known to have been well known as well known.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations in the work of the united nations.
 in the history of history, there are no other children who have died after their death.
 " the " peaceful fire " is the mainland as a whole, and brings to the hearts of the people. "
 as the chairman of the newly established advisory committee, i shall be able to build a tree on the basis of a good basis for the previous ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become a means of an ethical means of moral means and to the international community.
 in recent years, cocaine seizures in recent years have been recorded in recent years, with 913 kg of cocaine in 2000.
 to this end, pakistan supports the proposal of mexico, and the united nations agencies would seriously consider the request for the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (fc) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 he was then taken away by a police vehicle in a police vehicle, and he was taken away from the car.
 with regard to the environment, the international efforts of the protection of nature should be carried out in more effective and more substantive ways.
 the secretary-general has already put forward the direction of the united nations.
 there is also a need to be more clearly defined by the user and evaluation of the results.
 mr chan kam-lam said that his statement would be less than my short, but i am now going to have a short-term speech.
 lithuania also attached great importance to the role of other international forums on the anti-terrorism issue.
 the 11-year court of appeal of the united states district court of the united states has overthrown the court's decision by the district court.
 on this point, more than 150000 internally displaced persons in the southern equateur province and in the northern part of katanga province were not assistance.
 as a result of the war and air strikes in kabul in late july, some international organizations have had to leave the city.
 in response to the present economic situation, we also urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of reducing the pre-service training course, " the spokesman added.
 at the best, i can only say that the government is simply not incomplete with the government.
 the operating budget of the current operating budget is that unhcr receives less than $ 40 per year.
 an amount of 10 per cent of non-payment of $ non-provided payments shall be made at the amount of $ 10 per cent in calculating exchange rates.
 the president's views and wife were unanimous.
 the ministerial meeting of the world trade conference will be held in seattle, which could be an appropriate forum.
 the chief executive said that the above-mentioned 1 issue was recommended to provide for secondary schools, university graduates and professional groups.
 therefore, as a result of the so-called consensus, a more rich and greater expression of expressions of expressions of expressions will be made.
 the images are regularly accepted and addressed by regular receives and <unk> 7 <unk> amp<unk> quot<unk> and 30 minutes.
 any person affected by the amendments may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24, 2000.
 as to the specific contents of these two ordinances, the hkpa is basically favoured.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of imports went up, with 2<unk>3 and 2<unk>3 per cent in colombia.
 examples of the recent example is to construct a holvroom, which involves the integrity of country parks.
 the contents of the inventory records are contained in article 11 of the model law.
 a keynote speech will be made by the chairman of the hong kong institute for surveyors.
 the 12 juveniles arrested in the operation on june 15 have also been released on bail pending further enquiries.
 this issue has been informed by the ministry of foreign affairs of israel at all levels, but there was no progress at the moment.
 the regional security system has expanded its capacity to collect information on anti-terrorist activities in the caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how to choose non-governmental organizations, they provide information and the commission on how to use such information.
 in order to safeguard the interests of consumers, i would like to put forward this motion on behalf of the democratic party today.
 turkey supported the director-general's policy to strengthen the policy of representative representation, but the state should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 this has, however, 15 different countries in different countries.
 in accordance with the provisions of the treaty under the provisions of the provisions of the treaty.
 it must be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000 people, or at least, are able to return to their homes.
 there is no change in the list of state lists, and the victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to the hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, the decrease in the construction industry, related to the transport industry and the manufacturing sector.
 as a result of the budget constraints, there have been some restrictions on the costs and expenditure of a lawyer.
 this is the exception of a period of time-frame, which is not in detention for a long time.
 as a result of the weekend, the number of children who have been able to take care of children's children.
 the banks do not wish to see another point that is the government directive banks to deal with its business.
 for enquiries, please call <unk> 24 <unk>3 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 24 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 therefore, the taiwan strait can work as a unit.
 article 190 to 201 of the georgian penal code elaborated in detail the procedure for the assets of the assets (bank account).
 " we also believe that it is necessary to expand and traffic, " he said.
 from the establishment of 50 years since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most sadden dictatorship in the mainland.
 we do not agree to adopt pressure on a solution to the north korean nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask what i do not <unk> they will say that you do not allow you to join.
 he was released on a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, hong kong island, are proceeding.
 finland will actively participate in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty to halt the further proliferation of anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 should be considered in the light of the international institutional consideration of the international system.
 1970-1975 minister counsellor, minister counsellor of the soviet union in italy.
 legal and ethical codes of moral code should be developed on legal activities in conflict areas.
 preconditions should be that the articles should be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that at the above two sale arrangements are still not available for sale at the home ownership scheme.
 in the same period, there were 5300 births in hong kong, while the number of deaths was 32000.
 however, i am going to me, since the handling of the problem reflects the fact that the historical and people of the balkans.
 when we talk about the future of hong kong, china's leaders said: " the chinese people can do so. "
 more than any other group, they need the attention and care of family, social and government.
 it has been reported that the polluted areas have been exported by pollution in other parts of the area and then re-exported food.
 with regard to the choice of the child's name, luxembourg, in the course of ratification of the convention.
 they were also discussed and agreed to stop arms into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should seriously discuss them with the industry.
 those who want to be killed by a small boy, i would also like to go to all victims of thousands of victims.
 i am talking about a woman's edition of taiwan's taiwan edition.
 the overall plan was focused on helping girls and women to enhance self-esteem.
 he firmly reiterated that the administration and palau are determined to preserve the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the secretary of the communist party of the communist party, the secretary of the communist party of the communist party, has reached the revolutionary riot revolutionary riot.
 during the promotion of the farms, staff of the farms were used to join the farms, with farmers with farmers.
 the advisory committee requests a copy of the memorandum of understanding for these arrangements.
 against this background, the committee has endeavoured to understand all of the acts of genocide in iraq.
 the special rapporteur visited rwanda.
 those who have lost their fighting.
 the main reason for the unloaded balance was terminated by the termination of the units.
 moreover, as a member of the international contribution of international contributions, we will continue to contribute to the palestinians directly.
 it should be strengthened in the field of scientific research and practical applications of satellite remote sensing.
 according to the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region will enjoy the election and election rights.
 in the period under review, 40 enterprises in the service industry amounted to $ 216000, creating or saved 79 work.
 in early june, the council took part in the drafting of a further response to the nuclear tests carried out by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the friendly state, international organizations and the united nations itself to continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we are advised to persuade friends to understand their own underlying and honesty.
 after a few months later, the storm has gone up and hong kong, which is a very painful adjustment period.
 ah, he has been closed yesterday.
 after protesting the assembly, some people's emotional emotions have broken down, and the police were dismissed.
 the work programme for the establishment of a trade point is only in recent years.
 i think the most important thing is to respect the civil servants and let them take them into the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in the pension system, which is the impact on women's impact on women's impact on men.
 (c) the office of the force commander: because of the information provided by the office, it is sensitive to the two local level posts.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the expected increase in the world economy and international trade.
 the department of community development division and family support division has already undertaken information campaigns to national family day, exhibitions and similar activities.
 the gizmony, vice president of the gizmon, said: " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should be in the same position as to be a fair and equal approach to human rights.
 despite the obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategic strategy in the process of conflict prevention.
 similar to the 2 provisions of the joint declaration is also seen in article 122 of the basic law.
 he kicked me.
 the dollar deposits increased by 17 per cent in july and november, which was 0.6 per cent in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 however, women's ability to participate fully depends on the social and social rights and its legal rights.
 many of the discussion of the general assembly and the various committees have clearly reflected the urgency of the common concern of all humanity.
 it must be an end to their despair and painful.
 " we will strive to preserve all hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 on the above-mentioned position, the chinese side proposed a reasonable solution.
 after all, only $ 12300000000 was used to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the consumer price index for the consumer price index reflects the changes in the rental of households in hong kong.
 the adoption of such an approach, which is taking place, will focus on the return of the return to the original guarantee.
 in his view, beijing's preparations for the beijing olympics will definitely succeed in the 2008 olympic games.
 the committee considered key issues of the production of sexual employment at its 1 session in february this year.
 the economic measurement patterns can be done to give us a brief assessment of the grave situation.
 the protection of maternity protection protection for the workplace is also prohibited from 8 to 21 weeks in the workplace.
 paraguay the actual facilities of paraguay is also a major transport route to become the 2 major transport route to road transport.
 welcome.
 in this regard, the financial secretary also agreed to show that we will continue to develop as soon as possible.
 as far as the public are concerned, the significance of the general assembly hall has also been on the arts.
 in most countries, the population of the elderly is far faster than the population growth.
 a 45-year-old man was killed in north point today (friday) that a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire.
 in addition, the national archives of the state file was reported on 12 may 1994.
 i am honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of the china space science and technology exhibition.
 their discipline is tight, and acted as the united nations as a united nations.
 all these proposals have been the public opinion of the public in many years.
 " two are common letters and members of the public are no longer worrying. "
 police appeal to members of the public who know that the whereabouts of the missing person is urged to contact investigating officers of the kowloon east regional investigation unit, kowloon east.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for the system-wide review timetable.
 the 73-year-old man, a spirit of spirit, and his voice.
 this incident took place in close proximity to the path of emigration.
 in fact, the overall unemployment rate is a few times.
 the government of industrial countries has already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries from the decision to start to suspend their debts.
 this century and the millennium have seen the great achievement of mankind's great achievement.
 mr deputy president, in explanation of amendments, i would like to say a few words about this little argument.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 2. people will be used as a revolution in biotechnology.
 i understand that the government's commitment to draft the basic law of the basic law is more important.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of the challenges.
 this provision provides for a oil-for-food programme to meet the growing demand for food and drugs in the iraqi people.
 note: the chinese charitable fund and the chinese temple of chinese temples was established shortly after the 1958.
 it is known that volunteering and compulsory recruitment of recruitment is actually very difficult to distinguish between them.
 as the first page of the publication of the publication, it was written to write this letter.
 at the same time, the inflation rate continues to be high.
 mr ip has also mentioned that he thinks that there was a lot of voters in the legal profession.
 i would also like to agree with the proposed amendments to reduce some of the specific administrative requirements.
 i do not need to repeat it here.
 the draft conference would be submitted to the conclusions and recommendations of the 1 session of the review committee.
 the management system is a complex project. it will have a profound impact on the operation of united nations personnel, budget and financial operations.
 if it is still not enough to have a joint venture, you can't be able to buy a number of people.
 to co-operate with the relevant measures, customs officers, the fire services department and the planning department will carry out the above-mentioned verification work.
 mr. wang ying-ying (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you and my colleagues, as well as the president of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are not able to ensure security.
 the aim of the text was to make a number of political options and rights in the countries of the international wrongful act.
 responding to the police officers, officers of the commercial crime bureau, police officers raided the three rooms of the hotel on march 27.
 they have to accept sustained professional training and their registration <unk> authorised authority to consider renewal.
 in late february each year, the education department will be invited to take part in the allocation of schools in march each year.
 however, these technologies have been enormous.
 i also said that he was not hesited with him.
 the contradictions in paragraph 3 of operative paragraph 3 has become more obvious.
 the minimum age for the provision of compulsory service will benefit each society after every society.
 it was felt that the draft guide should deal with the remuneration of the insolvency representative.
 i am not repeating my arguments earlier. i hope i hope that i hope that i hope that the elderly employees will give them more justice.
 in the absence of other speakers, the president shall announce the closure of the debate.
 he told him: " you often get into contact with the darkness and a darkness. "
 i think that the ceiling should be kept in the future, and there is no need for a decision in the future.
 the sisters of the sisters are suffering from hunger and guards and storms and snows and snows.
 " we should continue to strive to improve the level of services. this is our expectations, " the spokesman added.
 it will be a major step in the future direct growth of the future.
 the community of the community is now clearly in favour of a bill of rights to establish such freedom as a bill of rights.
 it seems to me that the government is simply " itself ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york, it had been able to enter the united states as a state of aviation.
 " otherwise, the pace of recovery in south-east asia will greatly decline.
 the united kingdom believes that the court should be consistent with some guidelines.
 in order to reduce the outflow of funds in the longer term, i think the government should adopt a more proactive policy.
 the vienna convention on treaties on the law of treaties relates to the question of the multilateral covenant and the agreements, including the question of the question of reservations.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is developing a real democratic state-oriented system for a market economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, rwandan soldiers were robbed by the rwandan soldiers, including five children.
 " we will submit the appeal as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) management private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this has led to greater vulnerability.
 we also believe that hong kong's cultural life will be a city's life.
 in a number of countries, cross-border transfers are subject to customs regulations, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange control.
 more than 95% of the tax tax taxpayers may be received within the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the fact that japan must be overcome.
 in the sudan, the social welfare department and the ministry of social development are responsible for the tenth anniversary of the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as chairman of the secretary-general and the chairman of the committee, as well as to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is a co-operation between the permanent missions of italy and the department of public information.
 the differences in life expectancy at birth is the difference (table 3 and chart 5).
 secondly, the checks and balances between the administration and legislation is a balance between the administration and legislation.
 even in the case of the shelling of public transport, there is almost no one in the street, and most of the street are pedestrians.
 this year, this year, this may be different.
 next, let us take a look at a review of the iraqi policy in the past.
 in addition, members may be able to observe the investigation of the complaint against the capo.
 let me take my speech, and i would like to listen to my speech.
 despite good financial performance, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to achieve its target growth rate.
 yes, there is a little difference.
 if we hope that the united nations is a vital position, we must make the united nations to take the united nations as a means of course.
 the financial secretary mentioned the songs of the " lion rock " in his budget.
 the housing authority will be responsible for the repair works of the public housing estates to carry out repair works.
 after the election, mr deputy president, i believe that this is the last president of the legislative council.
 " the number of industrial accidents and accidents in the catering industry have decreased.
 croatian police officers have also been able to conduct walks and vehicle patrols in part of their control areas.
 in view of the three " fundamental problems of concern, mr cheung pointed out that this will be misunderstanding.
 now, the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 before the registration scheme is officially implemented, the administration will carefully consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee, you have to ask for comments, and it is not appropriate to ask the question.
 as a matter of fact, the government has been " winds " and said that it would be possible to reduce civil servants pay.
 at the evening, he will fly to washington for a journey at the last stop in north america.
 exports from developing countries decreased from 22 per cent in 1990 to almost 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 let her husband to make her shoes.
 <unk> 152. despite the need for analysing data and a lot of large numbers, the analysis of the data are less.
 the report, however, pointed out that, although the local market has food, there is a very limited purchasing power, but the power of the population is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agreed that such a view was made and recommended to retain the current 2.7 per cent contribution rate.
 the gains achieved in the fight against terrorism should not be a reason for the reasons for the end of the fight against terrorism.
 the authorities have been recognized by the ad hoc group to recognize the interests of the sovereign state.
 however, the hong kong economy has continued to grow, and the surplus of the treasury has a surplus of many countries.
 it should be done.
 the under-secretary-general is not determined by the under-secretary-general.
 for more than 3 years, a large number of documents have proved that the cost of supply has been paid to the cost of water.
 the treaty is limited to banning nuclear explosions, but not prohibiting nuclear tests, the quality of nuclear weapons, or production new weapons systems.
 they answered that he was unable to receive him.
 overall, the whole can be more than its part and far greater.
 (b) the electrical and mechanical services department will be able to incorporate public holidays at the time of the non-peakal peak.
 in the light of the green paper, it is indeed a matter of fact that hu said.
 in 1993, he was appointed by the mission in china and became members of the concessionary institute of arbitrators in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority was given to cooperation with cooperation in the capacity of national protection and protection for the protection of human rights and human rights.
 the age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this stage will lead to a single reimbursement rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must make careful use of international law as the most powerful.
 at present, scientific and technological economic cooperation is unprecedented, the world is speeding up towards multipolarization.
 the topic of the western and western museum of the museum is also a topic of the museum.
 in a sense of rationality, immune in a sense of rationality and sense of depth.
 i refer to the response to the crisis in west africa.
 but the most fundamental thing is the angolans themselves to achieve peace and national reconciliation.
 exporters and investors have increased significantly.
 there are few indications that sexual drugs exists in fiji.
 in this way, the seminar was very tired.
 outside brazil's air turtles, fosss and humed, are all the most strong species of taiwan's wilder island.
 these women have also been subjected to discrimination against the work of their work or to be slavery in mortgages.
 (a) its economy exceeds 50 per cent of its economy<unk> (ii) may generally be in developed countries.
 today, saint lucia has made a female head of state.
 sometimes, non-governmental organizations sought to influence the government.
 this model is the product of a new single single-polar phenomenon in a state of state.
 in some cases, there have been some time that there had been a few words of rumors to oppose the 1988 direct elections.
 however, with the restoration of the people's restoration of political life, the possibility of sustained resources for a large number of refugees will be needed.
 in the capital baghdad, a police station was attacked by car bombs, killing 5 people dead and 19 wounded.
 in the past few months, the number of cases of human rights abuses and other irregular offences were also reduced.
 his election has highlighted the advantages of his various advantages, his personal quality and his experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is " people-oriented ", there is no need for the entire industry to survive.
 at the time of the buzzling conditions, a total of 173 pairs of straves were required to be <unk> and 133 double-storeys.
 the words " repealed ".
 at the same time, the department has also been trained to deal with the hawkers.
 in the case of non-politic security, the debtor should be responsible for the maintenance and maintenance of the debtor.
 i am confident that these arrangements, particularly in the context of mutual legal assistance, will take the result in the future.
 however, we have not yet seen any meaningful progress in the area of urgency.
 during the period, the explosion occurred in the vicinity and walked at the scene.
 the council also began to hold a new " mixed " meeting, that is the open meeting of the members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures had been taken to ensure that it is not far from the future.
 as mentioned above, the document was not referred to in section 8 of the document.
 the secretary for constitutional affairs, i accept that some things will be unable to do so as to the election.
 equitable distribution of wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies remained to be filled, and the meeting was suspended.
 the carpark in the visitors centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth in the portfolio of clients's investment portfolio continues to grow, significantly better than the performance of the standard base 500.
 many people have enjoyed the convenience of shopping cards. however, they have not been able to pay a large amount of debts.
 in mid-july, li sheng-wai, who took part in japan, was sent to japan to take part in the 8 world muscles to japan.
 the 3 ldcs will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan for ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will report to the secretariat as soon as possible, the details of these two units.
 the chairperson also stressed that the secretariat needs to be fully involved in the preparation of background documents, including the preparation of background documents.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, november 12 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 the small seventy is well-being and he was pleased to ling dang's satisfaction and love.
 " on the safety of the " safety of hong kong's occupational safety and health management: " a major keynote keynote.
 i would like to ask you, so i would like to look for you.
 the new advantages of hong kong's new airport is the state-of-the-art radar and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited financial resources of the financial hardship families, many of the small amounts can be a large amount of funds.
 regarding the contents of the draft articles, it was stated that the content of the draft bill has already been too complicated and needed.
 this is not only because we have to preserve the rule of law, but also because we want to safeguard hong kong's international financial centre.
 the allocation of total resources resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all countries need to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, this writer is not opposed to the promotion of the grass-roots level.
 at 50 years of age, his personality was found at the age of 50.
 the israeli occupying forces destroyed all houses in the village after entering the village, destroying a houses and burning another.
 these symptoms should be invited as early as possible, as early as possible in order to diagnose and governance.
 children prostitution refers to the use of the use of children or any other forms of considerations, or to facilitate the use of children.
 this is not an outstanding achievement.
 at the same time, the value of orders in the metal products industry increased further, as compared with an increase of 2%.
 equally important, the problem of serious external debt problems faced by african countries, which accounted for 1<unk>3 of those countries accounted for export earnings.
 after a multi-hour debate and for many years, we are now like to return to the same time.
 there are 14 panels of experts in the economic and social council, and members are members of the individual, rather than national representatives.
 on the other hand, the expert unit will provide more in-depth tactical training.
 the entire project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be taken to replace the north-south cooperation, and should be considered as supplementary.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed and there are many changes in the family structure.
 in order to ensure the quality of chinese language textbooks, the administration has set up a chinese textbooks committee.
 another another thing is: " the business business of the banks is best to do. "
 some were reportedly wounded.
 while the delegation of ethiopia appreciates the role played by unctad in the field, the panel discussion only raised some interesting issues.
 the united nations military contingents will assist in preventing those who might wish to interfere with the process of democratization.
 however, it is necessary to see trade in other priorities such as education, health and management.
 however, it was reported that this person had been transferred to the scene, and the whereabouts of the whereabouts of this person has been heard.
 in order to avoid political parties, political parties should be able to obtain strict control over public funds, and the cost of election expenses should be controlled and maintained.
 it is expected that it is expected to be completed in 2000, which will provide background information and exercises for the right to development.
 it did not imagine that sun sun's path has encountered numerous waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises (pac) held a report to the chief executive with three working groups of the committee.
 asianet daily summary-press releases issued by tuesday, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, the new territories of the new territories have been controlled by collective government officials.
 we welcome the partnerships in these areas, " the spokesman said.
 if you want to make it clear, " don't " don't " say, " don't " want to tell it. "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces in the iraqi security forces seem to be a day of justice, whether the authorities or local people do not think it.
 please watch the five-class series of new zealand's new zealand's new zealand's office in new zealand.
 the provisions adopted by the commission on 18 june 1998 included the provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 15.
 the state television broadcasts a number of programmes on this seminar.
 if a person is dissatisfied with the age of 65, a minimum wage is not entitled to pay for a minimum wage.
 in general, such information will not be disclosed.
 he is well known and has always been able to achieve success in the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent authority to be reviewed immediately by the highest international standards.
 " the labour department will find suitable vacancies and help them to find suitable vacancies under the scheme. "
 as china has recently acceded to the world trade organization, the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games will have a substantial increase in the volume of communications.
 recently, one of the scholars from the mainland, the university of hong kong, and the university of hong kong.
 overall, the existing system has already been made in the existing system.
 he said that if theft was theft, he was cut off his hands and the security of several thousand people.
 the kosovo serbs participated in the elections, indicating that the attention of the provisional institutions of self-government.
 nyni has been the headquarters of the ruf.
 to retain the " taipei's dignity ", there is now a sign of the " taipei dignity ".
 the official claim not to disclose the names of the names of the name said: " the claim is purely false.
 in 1944, kerrattch, who was born to new zealand's secondary school, canberra university and the australian national university.
 in the traditional market, there are two chickens in the traditional market.
 details of the scheme, both in both english and chinese, have now put up the notices of the work site near the site for public inspection.
 because the dpp has a new democratic progressive party.
 in the manufacturing sector, there is indeed a choice of a lot of staff.
 the claimant provided a export credit guarantee for export credits and contractors.
 with the help of ngos, the government has developed national plans for the implementation of national plans in various areas.
 the committee recommends that the committee recommends the accuracy of the estimated requirements of the estimated requirements.
 according to the health-care organization act, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted the world bank's world bank's world bank's world bank's world bank, " said: " no one is aware of the costs. "
 zhou enlai, who has been selected in the red cameras, is published by liaoning people's publishing house.
 madam president, the secretary for today's grandchildren is the " food diet ", and we should not stay.
 i perhaps perhaps say that some relatively more relatively strange.
 the annex is contained in the annex to the report of the government of japan to the statute of the international court of justice.
 after the performance of the performance, the response from the audience was very enthusiastic.
 i can also refer some examples to some of the cases who have long-term patients who have long-term patients who have long-term patients to work in the hospital authority.
 the approval of the approved plan is necessary to reflect the latest development proposals in kowloon.
 i have all along arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is supporting the need to ensure that the 2001 national census of 2001 was more sensitive to gender issues.
 she has the highest gifts to all citizens.
 all relevant departments will be involved in the scheme, which involve various activities that have taken place from prevention, and to prosecute victims to accommodate victims.
 with respect to this obligation to the state party, the committee noted that, in some instances, the report would mention the current situation of other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, 100 fighters will be able to reach some 15000 small arms ammunition.
 secondly, the situation is tense.
 let us first begin action on the draft resolution on the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded to his daughter.
 in addition, there has been no cash cash for the current peacekeeping period.
 my delegation also thanked the under-secretary-general for elead and the special representative of the secretary-general for his briefing to us this morning.
 it is possible to create a decline in developing countries in the developing countries, and it is possible to trigger financial instability.
 an international seminar was organized by the government of the czech republic on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 due to the transfer of banking licences, the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged, and the number of banks remained unchanged.
 this is mainly attributed to a number of countries that have achieved or did not exist in the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has caused children and orphans suffering from suffering and orphans.
 during his briefing to the council in january this year, mr. sergei de mello proposed that the strengthening of the complex operation of the civilian police process should be strengthened.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia are now not available.
 this figure will increase by 19 per cent of the population of africa.
 at the same time, hong kong has developed countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, indonesia, korea and india.
 one of the typical consumers in the united states will spend more than 1,000 000 hours at 1 000 hours.
 in my view, it must be borne in mind that iraq's humanitarian situation is disastrous.
 this is a subject of play.
 oios requested the department of disarmament to assist the new political commitment of member states to create a new political commitment.
 our financial position is lucky than the british good, so that there is no need to stop the danger.
 the last year's image was last seen at the end of 2004, but his deputy, al-zawai.
 the 4 area is the establishment of national institutions based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group on waste reduction plans (" the working group), mr tam kwok-chung.
 mr martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter, " mr martin lee said.
 in the day before the performance, hu yuan-yuan's view of the chinese music scholar and the long-in-the-old man is the old one.
 the gross surplus of the industry accounted for 17.2% of the total receipts in the services sector, which was a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in the post-conflict post-up, children have been in the dominant position of the community, and children need to be given care.
 military attacks by the bosnian serb forces have been carried out by the bosnian serb forces.
 a spokesman for the department said a total of 10424 visits were successfully completed during the two-week survey during the two-week survey period.
 the chickens have been tested to the market before the transport and blood test, " he said.
 he said that the secretariat wished to provide guidance on whether the executive board would continue to provide guidance.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres, with 10 kilometres in iraq and extends 5 kilometres to kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of the children engaged in family services are girls.
 as a result, a number of measures have been established to ensure that the needs of women prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (p. 91).
 taiwan's 1 place in taiwan is also because of the war.
 the central meteorological station is expected to affect chinese north huanan and south china.
 this section recalls the reasons for which the right to food may be found in the past.
 at the end of the end of the 19 century, the rumours of cattle were handed into taiwan.
 the penal code and criminal procedures have been amended to strengthen national legal systems.
 an appropriate legal sanctions would be able to promote compliance with the provisions of any person who had not been authorized to facilitate compliance with respect to the mandate.
 the government, together with the business sector, began a series of activities to consolidate the international community's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet troupe of hong kong's ballets will be displayed at the ceremony.
 speaking at the opening ceremony, the director of home affairs, mrs lee said, said: " all along, hong kong is a migrant society.
 on 30 may, a new battle between the force and the taliban in the north-west-west of the taliban in the north-west.
 a large amount of data for computer systems are also easy, and it also triggered the privacy and other major issues related to the privacy.
 the document will be included in the voluntary contributions of the asean regional forum, indicating that the regional security situation in regional security has been in place.
 on that day, the soldiers said that that day the goods will be handed over, but it has been repeated.
 " as a result of the late implementation of the mpf system, the overall burden of the community will be better. "
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the automobiles were from the united nations assistance mission in rwanda, and the use of these automobiles is uncommon.
 on the other hand, they often look at the people, such as the enemy, and therefore the people have no solidarity.
 the railway system is an integral part of the transport system.
 under the provisions of the convention, it was recognized that troop-contributing countries were an important partner for peacekeeping operations.
 i think this would be very sorry my voters.
 through this election, it is fully ensured that hong kong is a private sector.
 it appears that, despite the author's saying that it was intended to use this process, they did not use the process.
 as a result of this strategy, we should not follow any other way.
 an assessment of the results will be issued in july.
 johnson's works in the 1940s of the 1940s were over half a century.
 however, madam president, the bill today has a great question of doubt that the bill will be implemented within this period of transition.
 he was arrested on the 3 day after the arrival of los angeles from new zealand.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, presented the outlook for the hong kong economy in 2003.
 the economy also is highly dependent on energy resources, especially natural gas, production and processing.
 some experts expressed the view that statistics had not been able to fully reflect the size of the problem.
 therefore, we have to cope with different types of bricks in different areas of different regions.
 when china's implementation of economic reforms had been opened in 1978, there was a long-term confusion in the exchange of foreign exchange reserves.
 in the context of the shanghai forum, bishkek.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental base has also changed.
 " we will continue to persuade young people to have a very negative impact on healthy health, " he added.
 part of the outcomes are below: apart from religion, science, mathematics, mathematics, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 the total revenue of this year's year's scheme will be a total of $ 1025500, with a total of $ 825600 higher than that of almost 25%.
 these provisions should be used to quote, and we are still discussing with the chinese side.
 non- currency items in other currencies are based on the united nations operational exchange rate for other currencies.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is a fundamental solution to the promotion of international law and human rights.
 in addition, we are ranking 2 in hong kong for two consecutive years.
 after the incident, i know that a doctor's friend also expressed strong dissatisfaction with the authorities concerned.
 " there is a need to amend the plan to reflect the latest land uses of land for the north-east of lantau. "
 this forced bilateral negotiations at that stage.
 to this end, the member states have to pay assessed contributions to the legal obligations of the member states.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for more than half a century, mankind is living in fear of the hot nuclear danger.
 he said that as a matter of resolving these issues, it was established for the first prime minister for the first prime minister.
 if everything is prepared, the longer the time is to be carried out for 2003-404, the longer the time will be.
 in any other case, there are no other groups.
 the conduct was similar to a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2 apply to an important accounting policy of accounting policy for these financial statements as a summary of the financial statements.
 among them, some places in the south-eastern part of the southern southern southern region will be heavy rain.
 on behalf of the comoros, i would like to express our condolences to the families of the comoros and the government of israel.
 undp has not yet carried out a comprehensive plan for trusting undp.
 the bureau was appointed as vice-chairman as vice-chairman as vice-presidents in the 2000 bureau.
 ohchr will promote the development of the right to development in its strategic, plans, policy and operational activities.
 at present, the vocational training council has been able to hold some 70-day examinations for some 70 candidates.
 after leaving the culprit, the man entered the employer's sleeping house, and he told him that the incident.
 the administration has announced today today.
 for example, pesticides have already been purchased, but it was late until it was late.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the printing volume has been reduced by 30 per cent.
